Update web-domains.rst (#226)
Uberspace/manual: source/web-domains.rst

.. note:: We very much encourage to use separate uberspace accounts for separate projects or apps and so far subdomains. And you shouldn't usually run in this problem because in most cases you won't end up with different users on the same host.

Necessary steps for using a Subdomain
=====================================
In order to use the subdomain you will have to complete the following steps as described above and in :ref:`docroot`.

> In the following tutorial we assume you have registered the domain isabell.com at a domain-host. You want to create the subdomain sub.isabell.com

Reviewer: You mention a `.com` domain in some places and a `.example` in others. Please redo the section to only mention `isabell.example`, like in the original block at the top of the article. Also see the longer review-comment.

1. Setup the subdomain with the uberspace-tool:
.. code-block:: console

>  [isabell@stardust ~]$ uberspace web domain add sub.isabell.example

Reviewer: The [highlighting is broken](https://deploy-preview-226--manual-uberspace-de.netlify.app/web-domains.html#necessary-steps-for-using-a-subdomain) here, because there is no empty line following the `.. code-block::` one.

> 2. Set the necessary DNS-entries at your domain-host. Normally it's sufficient to set the A-Record to the IP provided when setting up the domain with the uberspace-tool (see above, chapter "Setup").

Reviewer: Please do not down-play the AAAA record. We think IPv6 is cool and worth having. Also, it improves reliability of your site in case there is a temporary problem with v4.
```suggestion
2. Set the necessary DNS-entries at your domain-host, according to the output of ``uberspace web add domain`` above.
```

> 3. Create a new folder where the files reachable under your subdomain will reside:

Reviewer: The last two steps aren't really how document roots are documented. The content should sit a `/var/www/virtual/isabell/sub.isabell.com` directly, without any symlinks. Please redo Step 3. to reflect this and skip Step 4.

> 3. Create a new folder where the files reachable under your subdomain will reside:

Reviewer: This is optional depending on whether you expect to serve different content on multiple already or to-be-added domains. Please add a sentence like so:

> If you only expect to have only domain or you want to serve the same content on all your domains, skip this and upload your files to ``/var/www/virtual/isabell/html`` (or ``/home/isabell/html``).
